Add user guide on how to extend Beluga (#450)
Ekumen-OS/beluga: docs/guides/extending-beluga.md

## Implementing Motion Models

Motion models in Beluga define how a robot’s state evolves over time based on control inputs. These models are crucial for state prediction, allowing the particle filter to estimate the robot's future position as it moves through its environment. For a deeper understanding of these, you may revisit Beluga's [key concepts](../concepts/key-concepts).

### Key Considerations

When implementing a motion model, you need to ensure it meets a number of requirements:
- It must define a `state_type` that represents the particle's state, often as a pose using structures like `Sophus::SE2d`.
- It must specify the `control_type` it accepts, typically representing velocities or other actions influencing the state.
- It must be callable that accepts a control action and returns a function that predicts the next state based on a given control input. This returned function must satisfy the [`StateSamplingFunction` requirements](https://ekumen-os.github.io/beluga/packages/beluga/docs/_doxygen/generated/reference/html/MotionModelPage.html).

> ### Sample implementatino

Author: Switched to `Example Code`

      double expected_measurement = current_state.translation().norm();
```
The `operator()` function returns a lambda. This lambda calculates the weight of a particle based on the error between the expected and actual measurements.

```cpp
      // Compute the distance between the expected and actual measurement.
      double distance = (expected_measurement - measurement).norm();

      // Calculate weight based on Gaussian likelihood.
      double weight = std::exp(-0.5 * std::pow(distance / sensor_noise_.stddev(), 2));

      return weight;
    };
  }
```
A Gaussian kernel is used to compute the weight, assigning higher values to states closer to the measurement.

### Next steps

For a real-world implementation, see [`beluga::LikelihoodFieldModel`](https://ekumen-os.github.io/beluga/packages/beluga/docs/_doxygen/generated/reference/html/classbeluga_1_1LikelihoodFieldModel.html)'s' implementation.

## Implementing Estimation Algorithms

Estimation algorithms in Beluga are responsible for synthesizing the most likely estimate of a robot's state from a set of weighted particles. Statistical location and dispersion measures such as sampled means and variances are typical.

> Estimation algorithms are but one application of the [_niebloid_ concept](https://en.cppreference.com/w/Template:cpp/ranges/niebloid) in Beluga. While this section focuses on estimation algorithms, it is worth noting that niebloids are used more broadly across the library as a sane approach to customization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Estimation algorithms are implemented as functions that take a particle range as input. In this library, instead of implementing them as free functions, we implement them as [_niebloids_](https://en.cppreference.com/w/Template:cpp/ranges/niebloid) (global instances of function objects that disable ADL). While this section focuses on estimation algorithms, it is worth noting that niebloids are used more broadly across the library as a sane approach to customization.
```

### Sample implementation.

The following example demonstrates how to implement a scalar median estimation algorithm using a niebloid:

```cpp
#include <algorithm>
#include <numeric>
#include <range/v3/view/zip.hpp>
#include <vector>

namespace beluga {

namespace detail {

// Example of a niebloid for calculating the median of weighted scalar values.
struct weighted_median_fn {
  // Operator to compute the median for scalar values.
  template <class Values, class Weights, class Projection = ranges::identity>
  auto operator()(Values&& values, Weights&& weights, Projection projection = {}) const {
    using WeightType = std::decay_t<ranges::range_value_t<Weights>>;
    using ValueType = std::decay_t<std::invoke_result_t<Projection, ranges::range_value_t<Values>>>;
    static_assert(ranges::input_range<Values>);
    static_assert(ranges::input_range<Weights>);

    // Zip values with weights and sort them based on the projected value.
    std::vector<std::pair<ValueType, WeightType>> sorted_pairs;
    for (auto&& [value, weight] : ranges::views::zip(values, weights)) {
      sorted_pairs.emplace_back(projection(value), weight);
    }

>     std::sort(sorted_pairs.begin(), sorted_pairs.end(), [](const auto& a, const auto& b) { return a.first < b.first; };);

Author: > Do we prefer STL algorithms over range-v3 algorithms here?

Nope. An AI gave me a hand here and this flew over my head while polishing
